Hello dear friends with you, Sergei
and today he wanted to tell how
get to the closed alpha test world of
battleships
for this in any search engine write
world
world of warships
then come on the advice of the world of
warships dot ru
only upon himself put not only on him here
so that exactly the letter in the letter was
otherwise you do not get mean anything
go to this site can come
blood developer
if you want to read the developers
but we just need to go to
forum
so we went to the forums and after that
you need to either register or
log in delivering your account or create
new next
applications in alpha test applications in alpha test
and continue to consider very carefully
rules or listen to me mean you
need at least 150 messages per
the forum
if you have less than 150 messages
on the forum you just will not come as
see on posting in the topic
restrictions apply
users can stuff over 150
forum posts
according to the selection criteria in the alpha test
as you can see, I have only 5
forum posts
now I'll show you how you see
posts to the forums are only 5 here
mean after you type 150
posts
and best of all 300 from 300 even say so
can I leave her here
the application will not leave the application or
answer spray just answer and so
to type and these message for those
who does not know can go to any and
walls and intend to write on it in this
subject to answer something write something
normal good
for example me
I really liked the fact that the desalina
.
and be sure to write conscious
punctuation legible no fanaticism
here it is not necessary to write properly competently
in Russian
reply
now I have everything here as you can see 6
messages here is your action message
inserted as you see penalty points
me none so subscribe to
channel put likes
if there was useful information and all
Good luck and all bye bye